v0.4.2 release notes (#1323)
Quansight/qhub: RELEASE.md

### Bug fixes

## Release v0.4.2 - June 8. 2022

### Incident postmortem

#### Bitnami update breaks post v0.4.0 releases

> On June 2, 2022, GitHub user @peytondmurray reported [issue 1306](https://github.com/Quansight/qhub/issues/1306), stating that he was unable to deploy QHub using either the latest release `v0.4.1` or installing `qhub` from `main`. As verified by @peytondmurray and others, during you first `qhub deploy`, the deployment halts and complains about two invalid Helm charts missing from the bitnami `index.yaml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On June 2, 2022, GitHub user @peytondmurray reported [issue 1306](https://github.com/Quansight/qhub/issues/1306), stating that he was unable to deploy QHub using either the latest release `v0.4.1` or installing `qhub` from `main`. As verified by @peytondmurray and others, during your first `qhub deploy`, the deployment halts and complains about two invalid Helm charts missing from the bitnami `index.yaml`.
```

> On June 2, 2022, GitHub user @peytondmurray reported [issue 1306](https://github.com/Quansight/qhub/issues/1306), stating that he was unable to deploy QHub using either the latest release `v0.4.1` or installing `qhub` from `main`. As verified by @peytondmurray and others, during you first `qhub deploy`, the deployment halts and complains about two invalid Helm charts missing from the bitnami `index.yaml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On June 2, 2022, GitHub user @peytondmurray reported [issue 1306](https://github.com/Quansight/qhub/issues/1306), stating that he was unable to deploy QHub using either the latest release `v0.4.1` or installing `qhub` from `main`. As verified by @peytondmurray and others, during your first `qhub deploy`, the deployment halts and complains about two invalid Helm charts missing from the bitnami `index.yaml`.
```
```suggestion
On June 2, 2022, GitHub user @peytondmurray reported [issue 1306](https://github.com/Quansight/qhub/issues/1306), stating that he was unable to deploy QHub using either the latest release `v0.4.1` or installing `qhub` from `main`. As verified by @peytondmurray and others, during you first `qhub deploy`, the deployment halts and complains about two invalid Helm charts missing from the bitnami `index.yaml`.
```

[Bitnami's decision to update how long they keep old Helm charts in their index for](https://github.com/bitnami/charts/issues/10539) has essentially broken all post `v0.4.0` versions of QHub.

> This is a sever bug that will affect any new user who tries to install and deploy QHub with any version less then `v0.4.2` or greater than or equal to `v0.4.0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a severe bug that will affect any new user who tries to install and deploy QHub with any version less than `v0.4.2` and greater than or equal to `v0.4.0`.
```

> This is a sever bug that will affect any new user who tries to install and deploy QHub with any version less then `v0.4.2` or greater than or equal to `v0.4.0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a severe bug that will affect any new user who tries to install and deploy QHub with any version less than `v0.4.2` or greater than or equal to `v0.4.0`.
```
```suggestion
This is a sever bug that will affect any new user who tries to install and deploy QHub with any version less then `v0.4.2` or greater than or equal to `v0.4.0`.
```

Given the impact and severity of this bug, the team has decided to quickly cut a hotfix.

#### AWS deployment failing due to old auto-scaler helm chart

> On May 27, 2022, GitHub user @tylerpotts reported [issue 1302](https://github.com/Quansight/qhub/issues/1302), stating that he was unable to deploy QHub using the latest release `v0.4.1` (or installing `qhub` from `main`). As described in the original issue, the deployment fails complaining about the deprecated `v1beta` Kubernetes API. This lead to the discovery that we were using an outdated `cluster_autoscaler` helm chart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On May 27, 2022, GitHub user @tylerpotts reported [issue 1302](https://github.com/Quansight/qhub/issues/1302), stating that he was unable to deploy QHub using the latest release `v0.4.1` (or installing `qhub` from `main`). As described in the original issue, the deployment failed complaining about the deprecated `v1beta` Kubernetes API. This led to the discovery that we were using an outdated `cluster_autoscaler` helm chart.
```

> On May 27, 2022, GitHub user @tylerpotts reported [issue 1302](https://github.com/Quansight/qhub/issues/1302), stating that he was unable to deploy QHub using the latest release `v0.4.1` (or installing `qhub` from `main`). As described in the original issue, the deployment fails complaining about the deprecated `v1beta` Kubernetes API. This lead to the discovery that we were using an outdated `cluster_autoscaler` helm chart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On May 27, 2022, GitHub user @tylerpotts reported [issue 1302](https://github.com/Quansight/qhub/issues/1302), stating that he was unable to deploy QHub using the latest release `v0.4.1` (or installing `qhub` from `main`). As described in the original issue, the deployment failed complaining about the deprecated `v1beta` Kubernetes API. This led to the discovery that we were using an outdated `cluster_autoscaler` helm chart.
```

> The solution is update from `v1beta` to `v1` Kubernetes API for the appropriate resources and update the reference to the `cluster_autoscaler` helm chart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The solution is to update from `v1beta` to `v1` Kubernetes API for the appropriate resources and update the reference to the `cluster_autoscaler` helm chart.
```

> The solution is update from `v1beta` to `v1` Kubernetes API for the appropriate resources and update the reference to the `cluster_autoscaler` helm chart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The solution is to update from `v1beta` to `v1` Kubernetes API for the appropriate resources and update the reference to the `cluster_autoscaler` helm chart.
```
```suggestion
The solution is update from `v1beta` to `v1` Kubernetes API for the appropriate resources and update the reference to the `cluster_autoscaler` helm chart.
```

Given the impact and severity of this bug, the team has decided to quickly cut a hotfix.

### Bug fixes

This release is a hotfix for the issue summarized in the following:
* [issue 1319](https://github.com/Quansight/qhub/issues/1319)
* [issue 1306](https://github.com/Quansight/qhub/issues/1306)
* [issue 1302](https://github.com/Quansight/qhub/issues/1302)

> ### What's Changed

Reviewer: Hi @iameskild is this hotfix a cherry-pick only for the above-mentioned issues, or does it also will include the changes made to `main` since the previous release? just to confirm as [diff](https://github.com/Quansight/qhub/compare/v0.4.1...v0.4.2rc2) points to the first.

Author: Thanks a lot for the review @viniciusdc! This should only include those two fixes. They're should also appear in this [diff](https://github.com/Quansight/qhub/pull/1323/files).

> ### What's Changed

Reviewer: Hi @iameskild is this hotfix a cherry-pick only for the above-mentioned issues, or does it also will include the changes made to `main` since the previous release? just to confirm as [diff](https://github.com/Quansight/qhub/compare/v0.4.1...v0.4.2rc2) points to the first.
